the book of Exodus now these are the
the book of Exodus now these are the names of the children of Israel who came
names of the children of Israel who came
names of the children of Israel who came to Egypt each man and his household came
to Egypt each man and his household came
to Egypt each man and his household came with Jacob Reuben Simeon Levi and Judah
with Jacob Reuben Simeon Levi and Judah
with Jacob Reuben Simeon Levi and Judah Issachar Zebulun and Benjamin Dan
Issachar Zebulun and Benjamin Dan
Issachar Zebulun and Benjamin Dan Naphtali GAD and Asher all those who
Naphtali GAD and Asher all those who
Naphtali GAD and Asher all those who were descendants of Jacob were 70
were descendants of Jacob were 70
were descendants of Jacob were 70 persons for Joseph was in Egypt already
persons for Joseph was in Egypt already
persons for Joseph was in Egypt already and Joseph died all his brothers and all
and Joseph died all his brothers and all
and Joseph died all his brothers and all that generation but the children of
that generation but the children of
that generation but the children of Israel were fruitful and increased
Israel were fruitful and increased
Israel were fruitful and increased abundantly multiplied and grew
abundantly multiplied and grew
abundantly multiplied and grew exceedingly mighty and the land was
exceedingly mighty and the land was
exceedingly mighty and the land was filled with them now there arose a new
filled with them now there arose a new
filled with them now there arose a new king over Egypt who did not know Joseph
king over Egypt who did not know Joseph
king over Egypt who did not know Joseph and he said to his people look the
and he said to his people look the
and he said to his people look the people of the children of Israel are
people of the children of Israel are
people of the children of Israel are more and mightier than we
more and mightier than we
more and mightier than we come let us deal shrewdly with them lest
come let us deal shrewdly with them lest
come let us deal shrewdly with them lest they multiply and it happened in the
they multiply and it happened in the
they multiply and it happened in the event of war that they also join our
event of war that they also join our
event of war that they also join our enemies and fight against us and so go
enemies and fight against us and so go
enemies and fight against us and so go up out of the land
therefore they said taskmasters over
therefore they said taskmasters over them to afflict them with their burdens
them to afflict them with their burdens
them to afflict them with their burdens and they did for Pharaoh supply cities
and they did for Pharaoh supply cities
and they did for Pharaoh supply cities - and Rama sees but the more they
- and Rama sees but the more they
- and Rama sees but the more they afflicted them the more they multiplied
afflicted them the more they multiplied
afflicted them the more they multiplied and grew and they were in dread of the
and grew and they were in dread of the
and grew and they were in dread of the children of Israel so the Egyptians made
children of Israel so the Egyptians made
children of Israel so the Egyptians made the children of Israel serve with rigor
the children of Israel serve with rigor
the children of Israel serve with rigor and they made their lives bitter with
and they made their lives bitter with
and they made their lives bitter with hard bondage in mortar in brick and in
hard bondage in mortar in brick and in
hard bondage in mortar in brick and in all manner of service in the field all
all manner of service in the field all
all manner of service in the field all their service in which they made them
their service in which they made them
their service in which they made them serve was with rigor then the king of
serve was with rigor then the king of
serve was with rigor then the king of Egypt spoke to the Hebrew midwives of
Egypt spoke to the Hebrew midwives of
Egypt spoke to the Hebrew midwives of whom the name of one was schifflet and
whom the name of one was schifflet and
whom the name of one was schifflet and the name of the other pure when you do
the name of the other pure when you do
the name of the other pure when you do the duties of a midwife for the Hebrew
the duties of a midwife for the Hebrew
the duties of a midwife for the Hebrew women and see them on the birth stools
women and see them on the birth stools
women and see them on the birth stools if it is a son
if it is a son
if it is a son then you shall kill him but if it is a
then you shall kill him but if it is a
then you shall kill him but if it is a daughter then she shall live but the
daughter then she shall live but the
daughter then she shall live but the midwives feared God and did not do as
midwives feared God and did not do as
midwives feared God and did not do as the king of Egypt commanded them but
the king of Egypt commanded them but
the king of Egypt commanded them but saved the male children alive
saved the male children alive
saved the male children alive so the king of Egypt called for the
so the king of Egypt called for the
so the king of Egypt called for the midwives and said to them why have you
midwives and said to them why have you
midwives and said to them why have you done this thing and saved the male
done this thing and saved the male
done this thing and saved the male children alive because the Hebrew women
children alive because the Hebrew women
children alive because the Hebrew women are not like the Egyptian women for they
are not like the Egyptian women for they
are not like the Egyptian women for they are lively and give birth before the
are lively and give birth before the
are lively and give birth before the midwives come to them therefore God
midwives come to them therefore God
midwives come to them therefore God dealt well with the midwives and the
dealt well with the midwives and the
dealt well with the midwives and the people multiplied and grew very mighty
people multiplied and grew very mighty
people multiplied and grew very mighty and so it was because the midwives
and so it was because the midwives
and so it was because the midwives feared God that he provided households
feared God that he provided households
feared God that he provided households for them so Pharaoh commanded all his
for them so Pharaoh commanded all his
for them so Pharaoh commanded all his people every son who is born you shall
people every son who is born you shall
people every son who is born you shall cast into the river and every daughter
cast into the river and every daughter
cast into the river and every daughter you shall save alive